docs: fix h3 link (#88127)
ClickHouse/ClickHouse: docs/en/sql-reference/functions/geo/h3.md

## H3 Index {#h3-index}

[H3](https://h3geo.org/) is a geographical indexing system where the Earth's surface is divided into a grid of even hexagonal cells. This system is hierarchical, i. e. each hexagon on the top level ("parent") can be split into seven even but smaller ones ("children"), and so on.

The level of the hierarchy is called `resolution` and can receive a value from `0` till `15`, where `0` is the `base` level with the largest and coarsest cells.

A latitude and longitude pair can be transformed to a 64-bit H3 index, identifying a grid cell.

The H3 index is used primarily for bucketing locations and other geospatial manipulations.

> The full description of the H3 system is available at [the Uber Engineering site](https://h3geo.org/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The full description of the H3 system is available at [the Uber Engineering site](https://eng.uber.com/h3/).
```

We want link to the uber blog
